Hello everyone, welcome to VRIC Media, your most trusted voice in metals and mining. I'm your host, Daryl Thomas, and today we have the pleasure of having a panel interview with Rick Rule and Justin Hume. Today we're going to talk all things uranium in relation to supply and demand, as well as how they see the conflict in Iran impacting the narrative around uranium. And so we want to get any updates they have on their thesis and where do they see the uranium price going, especially what does that mean for the equities. So we're going to jump into that today. So enjoy the show. Hello, Rick and Justin, how are you doing today? Pleasure to be with you, Daryl, with both of you, Daryl and Justin. Yeah, doing very well. Thanks so much for having me. Yes, yes. So all things uranium. So I've been in the uranium market for a while. You are both people that I've interviewed for quite some time and have done a lot of listening to your podcast, reading some of your work on the uranium markets and such. And so I want to just get a get an updated thesis, your thesis on the uranium market. Are there any updates or are they or is it pretty much the same as it always been? And so just curious in your perspectives there. So let's go ahead and start with you, Rick. Well, thematically, I think it's more of the same, but life changes. I mean, I need to say I'm completely sanguine in my very, very, very long outlook, which isn't necessarily to say that the equities are cheap, but I think the uranium market structurally is in superb shape for a few reasons. World Nuclear Association meetings suggested that there was about 200 million pounds in above ground surplus. I don't know how they get to that number. I can't ever get it, but that's OK. And then they neglect to mention that Sprott in the Sprott Physical Uranium Trust owns 82 million of those pounds, which means that 40 percent of the supply that they're talking about can't be sold structurally, which I found was interesting. Equally topical, the spot market has become completely illiquid with the Sprott Physical Uranium Trust often doing three times the volume that the spot market does on a daily basis. One could say that the Sprott market has become the spot market. Suffice it to say that that's not a good place if you're a utility to get inventory. You are forced increasingly to the term market, which is structurally very sound. And then finally, one needs to remember that the incredible pace of Japanese nuclear builds happened as an aftermath of the Arab oil embargo in 1973 when it became apparent to the Japanese that the only material that had sufficient energy density that they could store energy in Japan was uranium. The Japanese have had a very, very, very recent invitation to revisit that thesis, given that 75 percent of their oil flows through the Straits of Hormuz. And I think that what you'll see as a consequence of the Straits of Hormuz is a renewed focus on nuclear in countries, particularly in East Asia, that have been dramatically impacted by the Straits of Hormuz. We're talking Korea, China, Japan, you know, Taiwan. I think that that adds, I hate to say fuel to the fire, but fuel to the fire in terms of increasing the real pace of Japanese restarts and increasing new plant construction. Sorry for that long answer. No, no, that's good. Very, very well, well communicated. So, Justin, any additions that you have there? Is that in line with your thesis or do you have any pushbacks or additions to add to that? Yeah, no, I generally agree with that. I think it's an interesting situation here because prior to this major global energy pipeline disruption that we're seeing right now because of the war in Iran and how that's affecting so many countries, especially like Rick mentioned in Eastern Asia, we already have this sort of setup where we can very clearly and relatively easily model out, you know, a three or four percent compound annual growth rate in the growth of nuclear reactors being built and the actual demand for uranium based on that same number, which is, you know, three or four times what the growth rate was five, six years ago. And that's, again, like I said, it's relatively easy to model. We can see what's operating. We can see what's under construction. We can make some high conviction sort of plugs based on primarily the Chinese builds and to some extent the Indian builds. But looking out five, six, seven years, we know what the demand looks like with very, very high confidence. And adding to that, this current disruption to Rick's points, I think, is putting a finer point and kind of a spotlight on the stability of nuclear energy on the incredible sovereign strategic move it can be to have a grid with a significant amount of nuclear energy there because you can store years and years and years of energy resource and fuel in a small warehouse. You don't have to depend on ship after ship after ship of bringing energy resources to you. And we've seen the timing actually was quite coincidental with the initial, like the first week of the war actually coincided with the big meeting that happened in Paris, where dozens of countries came together to discuss nuclear energy. And this, of course, was planned a year ago. This happened to come about during this conflict. And so all of these countries in Paris were pledging to triple nuclear energy, to build new reactors, to extend their fleet. And, of course, last month, France gave essentially a blanket approval to all of their 900 and 1300 megawatt reactors, which is 52 reactors. It's the bulk of their fleet. Blanket approval to operate to 50 years, and they're already talking about going to 60 years. And I'll just finish this point. I mentioned on Twitter the other day on X that this one 10-year extension of France's 52 reactor fleet of these two designs, that 10-year extension alone is almost 250 million pounds of demand, effectively consuming all of the pounds of uranium that are set to come out of the aero deposit that is yet to be built. So everything looks good. It's not really a contrarian bet anymore, like it was, you know, seven, eight, nine, 10 years ago. But the runway is still very long here, and it's a much more high-confidence bet. And whether we go to, you know, $120, $130, which you could argue is just above that incentive price, or we end up going much, much higher based on that marginal pound that's being bid up competitively between hyperscalers, between Sprott, between multiple nuclear utilities, that's the more likely outcome in my estimation. Okay, so I'm curious in both of your perspective on the supply that's coming out of the ground. So we, you know, obviously the demand is increasing. There's a lot of pledges towards nuclear reactor builds, small modular reactors, and I mean, we saw huge gains in the small modular reactor stocks and some of these nuclear technology stocks and such. But, you know, and the miners and the explorers, they've had some gains and they've given back some gains and such. And so just curious in your perspective on the supply that's coming out of the ground. And let's start with you, Justin. Well, the supply that's coming out of the ground is arguably the least confident element of our models. You know, we can look at what's currently producing and make relatively educated guesses on where that will be five, six, seven, eight, nine, 10 years from now. But the undeveloped projects that are absolutely crucial to even approaching something resembling a balanced market in five or six or seven years have yet to be proven that they can be built on time, or at all. So, this is a very unique point in time for this market in that the needed supply going out into the next decade, and this industry lives in the future. So when we talk 2030s, it's where the utilities are buying right now anyways. When you look out into the 2030s, the supply that's absolutely paramount there is literally coming out of the ground, hopefully. It's not, we can no longer rely on above ground mobile inventories. And that's very, very different from the entire history of this industry, with the exception of, you know, the first 10 or 15 years of civilian nuclear going back into the 50s and 60s. So since then, we've seen an absolute glut of material following the price spike in the 70s that was triggered largely by the massive nuclear build out in response to the oil crisis. But we had such a huge oversupply of material, we had the Russians down blending, and the industry has been awash in uranium for the last 50 years. And that is no longer the case. We have very thin secondary supplies, we have a very small amount of above ground inventories that are mobile. We have China has inventory, but they're building faster than everybody else. They're taking large stakes in projects, they're signing long term contracts, they're not slowing down. But this is a unique point in time in which the supply that's necessary will have to come out of the ground. That's the only place that's going to be able to come from. And that, to me, looks like a fragile market that is ripe for some kind of disruption. You don't, I don't even need to know what that disruption is going to be. The conditions are there for it, as far as we can tell. Okay, what are your thoughts, Rick? Well, I guess I would echo that the supply response at $85 uranium has been really surprisingly muted. Part of that, I guess, has to do with the difficulties that both Cameco and KazAtomProm have had restarting facilities that were allegedly hot stopped. Which is to say that when they turned them back on, they didn't turn back on too well. And I guess that KazAtomProm has difficulties I don't understand that led to so many of their middle managers pursuing other employment opportunities in a country that doesn't have any. The ability of KazAtomProm to maintain production over the next five or six years is by their own admission challenged. I do think that the new structure of the uranium business, which is to say the proliferation of term contracts with investment grade counterparties, means that some of the developers, Paladin as an example, but Arrow too, that likely would not have been able to be financed, given their proponents' balance sheets, will now be able to be financed utilizing the certainty of a long-term contract. So, I think we will have a supply response, but it's difficult for me to understand how their supply response will be sufficient. The World Nuclear Association suggested, and these numbers are very opaque, Justin may have independently been able to verify or not verify them, but the World Nuclear Association suggested that there were somewhere between 200 and 250 million pounds of available inventory. And then they said, simultaneously to that, that some of that may have been leased as opposed to sold, which is to say that that inventory already has a claim. And as I say, they neglected to mention that 82 million of those pounds are controlled by Sprott, which are not currently available for sale. If you combine that with the fact that the real pace of Japanese restarts, which is the greatest source of near-term demand on the planet, I think accelerates really dramatically now as a consequence of the Persian Gulf. What that means is that the gap, the gulf between supply and demand gets exacerbated much shorter. And as Justin points out, if the price were to go to 100, that wouldn't impact supply two years from now, at least new mine supply. It takes a reasonably long time to permit these things. Orange Julius, our president notwithstanding, finance them and build them. So I suspect, as Justin has suggested, that at least the strong possibility, if not the probability of a supply disruption at some point in time is in the future. If you look at the fact that 20 percent of the world's supply of crude runs through the Straits of Hormuz, that neglects the fact that 50 percent of the world's export supplies of oil flow through the Straits of Hormuz. And if you look at the effect on price that we've had as a consequence of that, even with a whole bunch of floating inventory and even with Japan having 250 days of petroleum reserves, that says something about what could happen. I'm not saying will, but could happen to uranium prices. I'm sure that Justin will concur, too, that the cost of uranium is a fairly small part of the operating cost of a nuclear power plant. So in addition to the fact that the uranium price might have to rise, the uranium price can rise, too, if uranium is, say, five percent of the total cost of operating a nuclear plant. If the price of uranium were to double, it wouldn't have any material impact on the finished cost of power offered up by the plant. Likely, if something has to happen and can happen, it will happen. But I don't know when. Okay. Justin, have you been able to verify those world nuclear association numbers with, I mean, they said, what, 250 million pounds? Have you done any independent research on that? We have. I don't know off the top of my head exactly the source of their reported numbers on that front. But, I mean, between Sprott and Yellowcake is 100 million pounds. And then you have a handful of pounds being held by hedge funds. You know, 250 million pounds that's ex-utility inventory is sort of difficult for me to come up with. But, you know, there's 1.3, 1.4 billion pounds of commercial inventories. And that's just how this industry operates. That doesn't mean that's inventory that's for sale right now or ever. So, you know, the Chinese, they probably have, you know, they had 600 million pounds of inventory a year and a half ago. They're probably pushing 700, 750 million pounds of inventory. They're also building 10 reactors every single year. And so when you look at those inventory numbers and the fact that China has very little domestic uranium resource, it's not a lot of uranium. And that is why they continue to buy. And when those pounds hit their shores that are coming across from Namibia or wherever they have their joint venture projects in Kazakhstan, they never leave. They never leave China. So inventory numbers are one of those things that on its face, you just see these big numbers and you think, oh damn, this, the price is never going to move. This is a wash in inventory. You just have to do a little bit of research and understand that the industry has to have inventories because of the slow pace it takes for uranium to go through the fuel cycle and the incredibly long time that it takes. Even a world-class deposit like Arrow, it's going to be 20 years from discovery to production. For Arrow, it's the best undeveloped uranium resource and one of the best undeveloped any mineral resource in the world, 20 years from discovery to production for that project. So yeah, those numbers, they're probably close. I think the WNA does pretty good work on that front, but that doesn't mean that those inventory pounds are available for sale at all times at any price and it's going to keep the prices down. I don't believe that's the case. And that hasn't been the case despite the fact that five, six, seven years ago, we had way more mobile inventory, the price kept moving higher. And I think just coming from a basic cyclical resource type environment here, price doesn't move up in an oversupplied market. It's just a basic thing. So we've gone from 18 bucks a pound to north of 100. It's pulled back a little bit here. The term price keeps chugging higher. It's an undersupplied market. And as far as we can tell, it will continue to be undersupplied as far out into the future as we can see it. If we hit $200 a pound and it stays there for years, then likely we'll see more supply respond, but it just takes time. So as far as I can tell, the next five years plus look pretty strong for this. George and his team, a 16-year Barrick employee building some of their largest mining operations on the planet. We started a drill campaign. From the drill campaign, moving into a full engineering report and study. We came out with our pre-feasibility study in 2021, and it showed a really impressive economic case for advancing the project. We'll have final definitive feasibility out in December of this year. So in the space of four years, fully engineered, fully permitted. U.S. Gold Corp is a near-term, low-cost gold producer in Wyoming. To learn more, go to usgoldcorp.com. You both mentioned the Strait of Hormuz, and we were already kind of on this trend of de-globalization, protectionist policies, things of that nature. Justin, you mentioned that China has a huge stockpile of uranium, Japanese restarts, and Japan only having 250 days of reserves and petroleum reserves and whatnot. Do you think this is highly likely that countries will start stockpiling uranium for their energy security? If you're asking me, zero doubt. Uranium, the Japanese built out their nuclear fleet for strategic purposes. They built out the nuclear fleet because, as Justin suggests, they can store enough fuel to power Japan Inc. in a warehouse for five years. In addition to that, as we all know now, uranium doesn't generate carbon. It is increasingly, laughingly, a politically correct fuel. For nations that are dependent on imported sources of energy, stockpiling uranium probably becomes something that they absolutely positively have to do. They have no second choice, particularly export-oriented Asian economies. Imagine trying to store sufficient coal to power Taiwan, Korea, or Japan, never mind sufficient rainwater for hydroelectric. It doesn't work. The only fuel that you can reasonably store to ensure the functioning of your economy

economy during periods of political difficulty, the only one that I'm aware of is uranium. Imagine when people talk about the alternatives, what a solar array would look like or what the battery pack would look like, never mind the battery pack in Korea which is far enough north that the sun doesn't shine. There just aren't very – well, let me rephrase that. There just aren't any alternatives for those countries. Okay. Do you agree with that assessment, Justin, or have any additions? Yeah, for sure. I mean, we've already started to see utilities step up in a bigger way into the term market to bolster inventories, including the Japanese who have largely been out of this market. Since Fukushima, they had so much overhang of inventory because their entire fleet was shut down, but they've slowly started to restart. I think we have 14 or 15 reactors restarted. It's likely we'll see another 7 or 8 reactors restart in the next 5 plus years, but the Japanese utilities are in the market currently and they were in the market last year buying uranium in the term market. Those are just utilities, right, because we're actually potentially going to see sovereigns stockpiling. The Chinese are already doing it. We saw the Indian operators, which are state-owned, come in and sign two very large contracts, one with Cameco, one with Kazatomprom. This is in the last 60 days that that happened. The potential for other sovereigns, whether the U.S. reestablishes a strategic stockpile, we've heard about the EU doing the same. It's moments like this that really highlight the need for sovereign stockpiling of energy resources. Yeah, Rick's absolutely right. The energy density for uranium is unmatched. Okay. Okay, so I do want to get both of your thoughts on the SPROT versus the term market. So Rick, let's start with you. What's the SPROT market saying? Is SPROT still buying and what's happening on that front on the SPROT market and then also what's happening in the term contract market? SPROT buys when the net asset value of the SPROT Physical Uranium Trust exceeds the SPROT price of uranium. In other words, SPROT will only buy when the transaction is non-dilutive to existing SPROT unit holders. Right now, it would appear that the public market is fairly sanguine about the uranium price. So the share price of the SPROT Physical Uranium Trust seldom exceeds the SPROT price of uranium. When it does, SPROT is pretty efficient through and at the market financing mechanism of converting that market interest into pounds and putting them aside. Actually, this may sound like bragging but very, very efficient as a matter of fact at doing that. We are sort of out of the market right now. The thing that occurs to me watching the SPROT market, and by the way, I'm no uranium trader. I've just known a lot of them, is the lack of liquidity in that market. It is the reference point against which the uranium market is measured but increasingly that's a factoid because so many of the transactions that are occurring in uranium are occurring outside of the SPROT market, albeit occasionally with the SPROT market as reference. The other thing that comes to my mind, and I'd be interested in hearing Justin talk about this. Unlike me, he's full-time uranium. I'm part-time uranium. What occurs to me is although the contract structures are very opaque and not well-reported, it would appear that when, as an example, a seven-year term contract is signed, that utilities are paying up as much as $7 a pound in the near year in order to secure supplies in the out years, which is to say if there's an $85 SPROT price in a seven-year term contract, the buyer is paying as much as $92 or $93 a pound in the current year, which is to say $7 above SPROT in order to secure price stability and access to supply seven years out. That will tell you, I think, the direction of the SPROT price given that so much transaction is taking place in the term market. The second thing that I'm wrestling with is reports that haven't been confirmed that the Japanese over the last three years, where they have been in the market on the sell side, have been leasing that uranium rather than selling it, which is to say they put it in the market for a fee, but rather than accepting cash, they're lending the uranium with the view to taking it back in two or three years. What that suggests is that that's supply with built-in demand attached to it. If so, and I can't confirm that, Itocho doesn't have me on their speed dial, that's a very important piece of business. Justin, any thoughts that you have on this particular topic since you did full-time uranium, Rick's the part-time, I'm the on-call uranium, so we got that clarified. Justin, over to you. Yeah, the term market structure is very interesting here. Cameco has helped a lot with this because they're the most public in terms of quarterly conference calls and Grant Isaac doing the occasional interview. The industry, despite the opaqueness in the term contract actual details and terms, Cameco is basically telling you what they're wanting in the term market with their contract terms. What they want to get when they sell uranium out into the future is they want to have a contract that is mostly, if not entirely, referenced to the market at the time of delivery. They want floors roughly around where the price is right now and ceilings potentially 100% higher than where we are right now. We've heard that Cameco and Friends—it's not just Cameco, right? But they're the most public about it, and they likely have maybe the most premium pricing in the industry. Kazatomprom, Orano, Uranium One, they're all going to have BHP, similar terms, maybe a couple percentage discount to Cameco. But to know that the world's second largest producer and the most publicly, let's see, present producer is wanting terms like this tells you exactly where this market is going. If they wanted fixed prices, that would show you that they did not have a whole lot of confidence in the future pricing regime for this market. They want to be delivering five years from now and have exposure to whatever the price is going to be in the market with floors right around here. Some of these contracts that are being signed have no floors, no ceilings, and I believe in the next year or maybe two, we're going to see contracts with floors and no ceilings. And I think that's entirely possible. I think that that's a producer's wet dream, is to have the lower end of that spectrum protected, but complete upside exposure. And I don't think I'm crazy in thinking that that could happen. I've even heard whispers that there's even starting to talk about entertaining those types of contracts. Utility's probably not going to want to sign huge volumes with those terms, or unless they absolutely have to, because that leaves them very exposed and in an impossible environment for them to budget around. The term market, to Rick's point, the term market is where much more volume is being done right now, especially the spot market's kind of dead here. It's basically there to fulfill some carry trades, utilities buying in the midterm and traders going in, buying in spot, holding it for a couple of years and selling it to utility for $9,500 a pound. So that's happening, and the carry trade connects the two markets, but spot's kind of dead here, and term is where all the action is happening. Last year, we saw a decent amount of material traded in spot, but much of that as far as end user buying was very opportunistic, March, April, when the price was crashing, and utilities came in and bought a decent amount in the spot market then. But in this environment, to Rick's point, again, not a whole lot of liquidity in the spot market. Utilities don't really want to be there because any meaningful buying there is going to move the price up, and that is not in their best interest, obviously, especially because starting now-ish, the contracts that are being delivered into that were signed two, three, four years, five years ago, had some element of market reference in those contracts. So if I go in the market and buy 100,000 pounds in spot, and it moves the price up a buck 50, and then tomorrow I take delivery that has a certain portion of that contract reference to the market, I'm kind of shooting myself in the foot. And this is the game that utilities oftentimes play and will play until they basically don't really have any other option. And we're going to see that point in the market likely in the next few years, where we're going to see multiple utilities bidding against each other for a limited amount of material. And in that environment, the incentive price is utterly irrelevant. OK, thank you. Justin, earlier you mentioned that this is no longer the contrarian bet. And then Rick, you always say the easy money has been made. And I'm kind of curious, just from a retail investor perspective, when I look at gold and silver, they had all the shine the last year or so. Oil has the shine now. It doesn't seem like uranium has been in the mainstream light as of—it seems like it's been in the shadow of gold, silver, and oil. And so I'm just curious in your thoughts on, is this really—is this no longer the contrarian bet? I mean, considering that, do you think there's still a lot of room left for this? Or I'm just curious in your perspective on that. Let's start with you, Rick. I don't see any social media hate about uranium. And some years ago, I did. It was very refreshing. Internet posters whose handles began with uranium, who had been unreconstructed bulls, were wishing that they had never learned to spell uranium. In situations like that, your downside risk as a speculator is nil. Buying hate in capital-intensive cyclical markets is the easiest way I know to make money. The hate has dissipated. It gave way briefly to love, and now it's transitioned to boredom. Boredom is not as good as hate, but it ain't all bad. What you do now is you do your best risk-adjusted net present value calculation. And if the market capitalization, or rather the enterprise value of the producer or developer is substantially below the risk-adjusted net present value, you buy and relax. You simply relax. What's nice about the trade is, despite the fact that it isn't a contrarian trade, it's an extremely, extremely uncrowded trade. Even in the best of the best, the Camecos, it is not what I would describe as a crowded trade. And if you come down the value spectrum, with the possible exception, I guess, of energy fuels remaking itself into a rare-earth company, you'll find that, as an example, the paladins of the world are not aggressively bid. Not necessarily cheap relative to $80 uranium, but certainly cheap if they are able to structure long-term contracts that allow them to attract development capital for their development assets, assets that the market thinks they won't be able to develop. If you take that into account, if you take into account the market structure and the probable risk-adjusted net present value around the pricing and volume certainty in today's markets, if one does the work, if one does the research, you can invest and speculate from a very sanguine position. I mean, there's no other commodity that I speculate in where I can know to some degree of certainty how much I can sell and how much I can sell it to, and knowing that the counterparty isn't a trader, but rather an investment-grade utility, a southern company, a Duke Power, a China General Nuclear. There's no other commodity in the world that I have, as a speculator, that much certainty as to price and volume around that will, over time, lower the producer's cost of capital. One way that happens is it increases the share price, which is, for me, a lovely circumstance. Over to you, Justin. Yeah, I agree with essentially all of that. Gold and silver have had an amazing run. I don't think it's over. Oil looks really strong and has looked really strong recently. Rick, I follow your content as well, relatively frequently, so I don't know how clairvoyant you are, but you had some great calls on oil about three months ago. Good luck. Yeah, I doubt that. Well, I guess maybe a little bit, but it's probably mostly not luck. The way that I look at the Iranian market here is looking at potential disruptors, both bullish and bearish, and going out, for my investment time frame for this market, it goes out about as far as I can highly confidently model. You go out 10 years, you start to make significant guesses that you can't feel all that confident in. But a five to seven-year period, barring any major disruptions, I can feel pretty confident in. So you set aside the nuclear accident. If that were to happen, and of course it's possible, that would, A, in the short term, be very negative for sentiment, and surely the equities would react in a very negative manner. If that resulted in demand destruction like Fukushima did, then that could potentially change the thesis significantly, if that were to happen. That's always hanging over as a possibility, which I think adds to the volatility and potentially the excitement of this particular sector. Setting that aside, most of the other risks that we can see and disruptors are essentially all right tail. The possibility of sovereigns stepping up and seriously procuring a lot of uranium as strategic stockpiling, right tail possible risk. The possibility for further financial buying than anyone can really model out. You know there's going to be some basically every year, but you can't really model for what that's going to be. Now, Sprott has already bought six million pounds this year. I don't think anybody really modeled for that. We had to double our secondary buying numbers for last year. We had a plug number of 10 million. It was closer to 20. And that was not just Sprott. There were hedge funds buying and other traders and things like that. So secondary demand coming from financials. That's right tail. Supply, the supply story. I cannot see where surprise supply is going to come from. I just don't know where. Can it happen? Of course, anything's possible. But you look at all of the all of the non kind of traditional mining projects that are to come online, like something like uranium coming from phosphates. Well, we know which projects those potentially are. And that's expensive. And one of the major ones is Santa Keteria in Brazil, which has been two years from production the last 10 years. If they get going, that'll be a few million pounds a year. OK, great. Let's model for that. We have an inner model. Uranium from seawater. Things like this are potential down the road with technological advances. It's just not happening in the near or even the midterm. So for us, the surprises on the supply side are nearly 100 percent right tail, you know, arrow being pushed off for a year or even two or a take out because it's cause it to be a three or four year extension on this 54 month time frame that we currently have. So supply disruption is a right tail. SMRs. I mean, we were in the warm ups for anyone with this. We don't know where this is going to go. It could be nothing. It could be way, way, way more than anybody is modeling out for. And once we have those first and second of a kind built of G.E. Vernova's BWRX 300, which there are multiples in construction, X Energy is really moving quickly now and they're going to IPO, by the way, which should be exciting. Terra Power's Natrium, they're moving very quickly as well. Rolls-Royce is moving very well as well. I mean, as soon as the first and second are built of these and we understand time frames for construction and a decent idea around budgeting, the demand for these, as far as we can see and connecting with people in the industry that are looking this as well, the demand is sort of bottomless. So how much SMRs snowball? That's all right tail as well. And we have a little bit in our models, but we don't have SMR demand in our models until like 2031, I believe, even though we've already seen, you know, OPG come in the market for uranium for the BWRX 300s they're building in Ontario. They already bought uranium for those reactors that are going to be first operational in 2030. So the demand in the next few years from SMRs is absolutely going to be there, but we can't really model for it because we don't really know how much it's going to be. So all of these things are sort of right tail potential disruptors. And even without those, the supply demand picture looks very, very robust. So yes, it's not a contrarian bet. It's not a hated sector to Rick's point. But it's, I mean, the term the easy money has been made goes from, you know, making a bet on a contrarian hated sector and just sitting back and waiting. To me, that's not, I mean, it's relatively easy, but it's not easy for most people to just watch their portfolios slowly bleed out and average down until finally an inflection point hits and you make a lot of money. But now I would say that the thesis is much more clear, even amongst industry participants, like the WNA, like the NEI, even utilities at this point are almost essentially in agreement and with an understanding that prices are going to go higher. And so these big alligator jaw supply demand graphics that everybody sees, these are being proffered by the WNA. There's concern amongst the utility industry and there's tension there. They're watching it very closely. And that is new. So it's a higher confidence bet for me, despite the fact that it's, it's no longer a hated sector and a purely contrarian bet. Okay. Got it. Okay. So.

Couple things before we wrap up. One, I wanna get both of your thoughts on where you're parking capital. Are you parking it into the big names? Are you just sitting back at this point? Are you parking it into the juniors with the recent pullback? Just where are you all looking to allocate if you are looking to allocate? And then also, if you both have a question that you could ask each other, I love to do that before we wrap up. So let's start with capital allocation, and then you all can ask each other a question. And we'll go with your question first, Justin, and then we'll go with your question last, Rick. So let's go ahead and start with you, Rick, on capital allocation. The largest investment I have in uranium is sort of elliptical, which is to say I'm the largest shareholder of Sprott, which means I'm the largest shareholder behind the management team that operates the Sprott Physical Uranium Trust. I also have direct holdings in the Sprott Physical Uranium Trust, but the highest margin player in the uranium business is Sprott. They get 40 basis points on 82 million pounds, and they get a 50 basis point commission when they buy uranium, which is, that's a business where our grosses are net. It's a hell of a business. I also have a very large position relative to other positions in Cameco, and have for a substantial period of time. When I was a younger man, I was willing to take more risk for more alpha, but I'm such a believer in the beta in this trade, and I believe that the beta, I would define beta as the extent to which the uranium market outperforms the broad market, that I'll give up a bit of alpha in order to obtain very little operating risk. So I have a very large shareholding in Cameco. It would be larger, except I was afraid that they would stumble with the acquisition of Westinghouse. I didn't know what miners knew about engineering. Turns out they know a lot. I have a large legacy position in the Arrow deposit. It was very obvious to me that that was gonna be an important deposit, and as a consequence of a large shareholding in fission, and a legacy shareholding in Paladin, I'm a reasonably large Paladin shareholder. I have a library card in Denison. I'm afraid of making in-situ recovery, ISR recovery work at depth. If they can make it work, it's a game changer, not just for them, but for a whole bunch of people. But I haven't done well over 40, 45 years in process and technology. I've done well using conventional technology in extractive industries. So the problem is probably Rick, not Denison. But those are, what I've just laid out to you, are my most important positions in the space. I was, as you know, Daryl, a very large holder of Yellowcake. The reason I owned it was because of a long and close relationship with John Borshoff, the guy who built that. The directors elected to allow Mr. Borshoff to pursue other employment opportunities. And as a consequence of that, I elected to free up that capital other places. Okay, okay, got it. Okay, Justin, over to you, and then we'll do the question that you have for Rick afterwards. Sure, so right at this particular juncture, we have a decent amount of cash, and that largely has to do with what's going on in the world and that still being a little bit kind of unstable, let's say. And when the uranium market doesn't have very, very strong immediate near-term drivers on its own, which is to say the spot price isn't, you know, chugging higher day over day is usually the primary driver. It tends to get washed around with other sectors and primarily the broad market. So right here, we're net long, but we do have a decent amount of cash. We have a trading portfolio in addition to more of a fundamental-based buy-and-hold portfolio, and that trading portfolio has doubled since February of last year. So we've done really well with that portfolio, and we have some cash there. So we're not hoping for a market washout, but we're prepared for it if it happens to take advantage of that. And, you know, to Rick's point, like watching the X accounts with the uranium XYZ, whatever it might be, kind of hating at each other and publicly capitulating like they did last March and April, that was a brilliant moment to be able to get longer. So looking out for that potential, but don't really have a crystal ball there. As far as across the space, honestly, you know, the larger cap companies that Rick mentioned have been much better performers in previous years. And so it still tends to feel like we're in that stage of this investment, which is wild because the commodity bottomed nine and a half years ago, where we have yet to see sort of a speculative fervor pour money into the small and mid-caps. So I think that for patient investors, that is a significant opportunity to have a diversified basket of some smaller and mid-cap stocks, while at the same time, obviously what's working is likely going to continue to work at least for the near term. And, you know, the larger cap stocks are going to do just fine. And if you need liquidity, like I'm sure that Rick does, they're probably the place to be because it's such a small sector. Liquidity concerns keep decent size investments out of pretty much anything below those top six or seven stocks. So for retail investors, that's where the opportunity lies oftentimes. And we have yet to really see that market where capital is flowing like crazy and trickling down and moving anything with uranium in its name, you know, going up two, three, four, five X. I think that happens at some point. When exactly is harder to say, but if you're patient and can diversify decently well, you'll probably be a happy camper going on three, four, five years. Okay, all righty. All right, Justin, your question for Rick. Rick, when I think about you, sir, I think about experience and wisdom. And I love, you have so many great just one-liners. And so I want to ask you something related to investor psychology. And what would you say, what is your best advice for retail investors out there in terms of wanting to invest in these very, very volatile resource type sectors? Do you have some general advice for those types of investors in these types of environments? I do. Justin, you may know I've graded 100,000 portfolios over 35 years for retail investors. I think I've taught a lot, but I've learned a lot too. That is to say what they get right and what they get wrong. For some reason that I don't understand, I'm arithmetically oriented. People would rather pay 120 for uranium than pay 80 for it. And waiting for a narrative that you believe arithmetically to be true, to be justified by the price, devalues the narrative. The same sort of circumstance that will be true at $120 uranium is true at 80. So why not buy at 80? What I guess I'm saying is do the work. If you do the work so that you understand the value of the narrative, you won't require third-party rationalization and justification. You will already have it. And then what you have to do is be patient. The vast majority of investors whose portfolios I've graded have had a decent strategic sense, but that strategy would take five years to play out. And they've had trauma holding stock over a long weekend. The dichotomy between people's strategy and people's tactics is very self-defeating. And the third part is that you have to be tenacious. We did a deep dive on successful speculations that I have enjoyed over the last 50 years, hyper successful speculations, the ones that have been 10 baggers or 20 baggers or 30 baggers. The median 10 bagger for me took five and a half years to achieve. And at some point in time during the time I owned it, exposed me to a 50% share price decline. If you have an opinion as to value, price perturbations matter less to you. But if your perception of value is generated by third-party testimonial, that is to say the market, you're gonna get shaken out. You're gonna sell precisely what you ought to be buying. I would suggest that my own successes had to do with those three things, doing the work, coming to an independent opinion of value, understanding that my time preference didn't matter, that I wanted to be right in three months, but I was gonna be right in five years, and that the market in the near term is mostly irrational, which is where the opportunity is. I suspect if investors cause themselves to do those three things, and by the way, naked commercial for me, at the real classroom, we're trying to teach 17,000 investors for free how to do exactly that, hard work. Speculative portfolios, and in fact, speculative markets would be the stronger for it. Okay. All right. And Rick, your question for Justin, I think we have about five minutes. So this one. Justin did great work some years ago in a concept that I'd like him to explain to your audience called the flywheel. The interplay between successful efforts, not merely successful efforts with regards to, although it includes a sentiment bidding up the Sprott Physical Uranium Trust, and then the Sprott Physical Uranium Trust bidding up the spot market, but the whole positive feedback loop that makes the sector so extraordinarily pleasant in those bull markets. This is a sector that, as Justin can tell you, pays you a hell of a lot of rent all of a sudden. And Justin's work on the flywheel explains why. So perhaps, Justin, you could have at that. Sure. Yeah, that's a term that we kind of coined, I don't know, maybe five or six years ago. Actually, it was probably when Sprott took over Uranium Participation Corporation and initiated their ATM. So that would have been August of 2021. And the concept really has, it speaks to the effect of momentum on really any sector, but this sector, it just gets, it's kind of exponential. And that is that money flowing into the ETFs, which both retail and institutions participate in, the ETFs then buy their underlying holdings. And one of those underlying holdings in two of the major ETFs is the Sprott Physical Uranium Trust. So money pouring into the ATMs, they issue shares, they buy their underlying holdings, one of those being Sprott. Sprott then, ideally in this risk-on environment, is trading at a slight premium to NAV. That money going into the ETFs goes into Sprott. Sprott buys, Sprott issues units, raises cash, they buy uranium, the price goes higher. More money flows into the ETFs. And this momentum, we've seen this many, many times since they initiated this. And this is one of those sectors, and maybe it's because of how small it is, but these funds flows can really, really dictate the move of the entire sector in a major, major way. So while you can and should do individual work on individual companies, it's been sort of almost like an exercise in futility to try to base any sort of investment, long or short in the sector, based on valuations, because you have to plug in such unknown assumptions. It's still worth doing, okay, to look at NextGen, or to look at Paladin, or look at Denison, and model out their expected production, and plug in your assumed uranium price at the time, and your discount rate, and come up with a valuation, and therefore a thesis on being long, or maybe short, or whatever it might be. But when money flows into this sector, everything just goes. And oftentimes, and I don't know if this is just a symptom of a passive investing world, but you'll have these smaller funds, or these segments of funds that have these thematic factor baskets. And this sector has been sort of pulled into that with the nuclear theme, with the AI theme, that oftentimes these factor baskets will just say, okay, we want some exposure to AI, and all of the side investments without directly buying NVIDIA, let's say. One of those things might be uranium. Okay, what can we buy in the uranium space? We can buy Cameco, we can buy URA, we can buy Sprott. All right, let's just do that. They're not necessarily doing a discounted cash flow analysis on any mining companies. They're looking for exposure. And so the passive flows just really, really, really move things. And that flywheel is just to speak to the momentum, the money coming into the ETFs goes into Sprott, goes into buying uranium, moves the price up, and that price moving up triggers more buying. And again, to Rick's point, people would rather buy uranium 20, 30, 40, $50 higher than they would right here. So when the price pulls back and the sentiment drops, that's usually an opportunity, but that also speaks to that momentum factor and that flywheel effect. Okay, thank you for sharing that, fellas. Okay, so Rick, any last thoughts you wanna plug to the audience and then Justin, over to you. You know me, I'm shameless. If you care what I have to say about your uranium holdings or any other natural resource holdings, go to my website, ruralinvestmentmedia.com, list your natural resource stocks and I'll rank them. If you wanna be a better investor yourself, of course, come to the Rural Natural Resources Investment Symposium held July 6 through 11, 6 through 10, I'm sorry, in Boca Raton or via live stream in the comfort and convenience of your own home. Delighted to say that whether you attend live or via live stream, that you'll have access to the recordings for a year. Delighted to say that because you'll need them. And also, if for any reason you're unsatisfied with the lessons that we teach, 100% no questions asked refund policy. If you think for any reason whatsoever that we didn't earn our tuition, we'll give it back to you. Delighted to say too, that in 30 years of money back guarantees, we've had to refund about one 10th of 1% of the tuitions we've charged. Okay, over to you, Justin. Yeah, I mean, everybody watching this can see the URL right above my head. But we focus 100% on this sector, like Rick mentioned, and you mentioned 100% into uranium. That's where we've been for many years. So we've established a very strong network. We have a strong team at Uranium Insider. And I always say that if you have money at risk in this sector, you need to know what's happening in the physical market more than anything. And if you don't have those contacts, if you're not paying, which are very expensive for information that most retail investors don't get, then having access to something like Uranium Insider is fundamentally important. You have to know what's happening in the physical market. And the trading portfolio that I mentioned that we had before, we call it our dynamic model portfolio that we've done very well with, that takes multiple signals. It takes charting signals, sentiment signals, and physical market signals. And those all have to be pointing towards oversold conditions. So for us right now, looking at this environment, it's super, super important that we know what's happening, both in the term market and the spot market. And those details, of course, are shared with our membership and have helped to inform us on strong trading signals, whether that's buying or selling. So that's my shameless pitch. If you have money at risk, I would say that you can't afford to not have that type of information. All right, got it. Thank you both for sharing. Thank you both for your time and joining us for this panel today.

